Team Name     : The Code Titans
XP Core Value : Feedback
Date          : 9/18/2016


Extreme Programming Explained: “Optimism is an occupational hazard of programming; feedback is the treatment”. Which is perfectly true to any programming environment whether it is software development, website designing or a simple application. Feedback is the most important part of any development process thus I being adapting “feedback” as my center of attention (of all the Xp core values) will make sure that we are taking feedbacks from our peers and teammates regularly and thus processing them and implementing that in our project throughout its development life.
For instance, while deciding the topic of the project I asked everyone to share their views and feedbacks for the topic as well as some videos that we were watching, and after effective discussion we decided the topic “Error Detection” with a consensus of opinion among all.
My main KRA’s (Key Responsibility Areas) would be:
1. Taking individual feedbacks from all teammates and making a healthy environment among us by sharing it with others and helping all in personal growth and project growth as well.
2. Scheduling feedbacks sessions twice a week across team and if required individually too.
3. Will be sharing the MOM (Minutes of Meeting) via email and also update it on shared spaces for other to refer if they want to.
Along with the above specific points my main focus will remain on the Project growth and converting it to a successful product along with individual growth.
--------------------------

Date : 9/22/2016

We had a two hours project and feedback meeting on Thursday 9/22/2016. This was specifically scheduled for gathering feedbacks from all, based on their respective ideas for game along with any suggestions for others to make it as much interactive and interesting as possible. During the entire meeting I made sure that we are collecting feedbacks from all the team mates and trying to amalgamate all feedbacks into a desired outcome.
Initially an idea came up to make a multiplayer game with implementation of a client/server model, however it was quite understandable that this will probably increase the complexity of the entire project. So started taking suggestions and feedbacks from each other and based on that we came up with a new idea of still keeping the client/server model however we will be initiating the game and other things on the client side only and the scores and rank will be decided at server’s end.
We also made a rough diagram and flow diagrams of the game (can be found in separate images on GIT ( https://github.com/pandyabhavan/CMPE-202 ) . Everybody was given a chance to modify and suggest any changes and finally we came up with the final diagrams, flow charts, class diagrams, state diagrams and use case diagrams.
All in all, each one of the team mates made individual diagrams and will be sharing the same with all and on GIT as well. We also decided to have another session after completing the individual diagrams.

--------------------------

Date : 10/02/2016


MOM of this week meeting

1.	We will organize meeting in early days of a week so that there is no time clash with the other submissions.
2.	We assigned different tasks to different team members and assigned different task cards in the waffle.
3.	All team mates shared the UML diagrams with each other and based on the feedbacks rectified the errors in the respective diagrams along with this we will complete individual diagrams and notify others for the review.
4.	Also discussed with others regarding the tool for the development for the game aka Processing / Greenfoot, odds were in favor of processing however we decided to research and check the feasibility with both the tools as we need to implement the client/server architecture
5.	We also found Hangout as one of the effective tools for daily stand up meetings however we will be scheduling face to face meetings too in the upcoming week.
6.	After making sure of the tool that we will be using to build the tool we will start developing the prototype for the design of the game.

--------------------------

Date : 10/7/2016


1. We shared the individual feedbacks about the diagrams made by all so that we can further enhance them.
2. Individual Feedbacks
    a. Sequence Diagrams : We added new class and functions in sequence diagrams.
    b. Class : Added new package and classes as per the project requirements
    c. Sohrab reviewed and added comment on the individual requirements too.
    d. Aaron added the basic flow of the project and the pseudo codes too.
3. As per the feedbacks we will enhance the diagrams and after next review session will commit and move them as Done in Waffe.
4. Discussed about the UI of the game and will be making the UI in the next meeting so all will research and come up with their ideas.
5. Next meeting will be decided as per individual availability and requirements.


--------------------------

Date : 10/28/2016

This week we had a meeting on 28th Oct and started working further on the project. 
We had discussions regarding the implementation and design of the project and based on the discussion and individual feedbacks we sorted out and distributed the task among all of us. We created the Cards on Waffle and quickly started working.
Feedback collected from individuals were utilized to refine each other’s work.  
This work main tasks included pseudo codes for different pages and server side too. 
Rough UI for all the pages of the projects.
We specifically worked on the individual tasks and later on shared that via google drive for further reviews. 
With the discussion and feedback we also decided to meet and work twice a week and will be working on the individual modules.


--------------------------

Date : 11/05/2016

We had a meeting on 5th Nov to be able to gather each other’s feedback and suggestion regarding the pseudo codes for UI and functionality. Based on the discussions and feedback thus collected we started converting the same to the codes specifically starting from the processing sketches for Game Start page and Game Board page.
We shared the codes with each other and based on the feedback improved them constantly. Also asked others to be proactive in sharing the feedbacks and if possible regularly add the comments whenever needed.
As per the feedback from all , for this week we will be working on the individual components and in next meeting we will work on assembling the components together resulting in a working prototype.
