Team Name     : The Code Titans
XP Core Value : Respect
Date          : 9/18/2016

        I took Respect as a core value as I think we all come from different ethnic backgrounds, regions, cities and all of us need respect whosoever we are, no matter what gender we have. I have learnt this from my childhood, that “if you want to earn respect you need to give respect”. I will follow the same learning in my team.
        Our team The Code Titans, we give respect to all the team members whether it is in terms of suggestions, availability, feedbacks, decisions etc. We decided that it will always be team decisions not an individual decision. Also, we will be keen to maintain a positive attitude within our team so that everyone will feel comfortable and have a good environment to work in.
        Extreme Programming (http://www.extremeprogramming.org/values.html) defines 'Respect' as, “Everyone gives and feels the respect they deserve as a valued team member. Everyone contributes value even if it's simply enthusiasm. Developers respect the expertise of the customers and vice versa. Management respects our right to accept responsibility and receive authority over our own work.”
        We decided to make project on Error Detection and will maintain Respect as XP core value till the completion of project.

Date          : 9/25/2016

        In order to follow Respect as a core value, we stick to the requirements, guidelines shared from Prof. Nguyen to us. We tried to cover each and every aspect of the requirement. Previous week, everyone has updated their part in teams Task Board, Kanban CFD Google Sheet and commits in teams Github repository.
	As mentioned earlier, we never came across a conflicting decisions and gave respect to each other ideas. We have assigned work to every member in team and we will make sure everyone follows the timeline so as to respect the time of other members and prevent the integration issues.
	This week we also gave preference to the availability of everyone and decided to go with a two hour meeting this week. In that meeting apart from giving task to each other we also discuss about the functionality and UI of the game.

Date          : 10/2/2016

	This week everyone has decided to go with Google Hangout meeting instead of face to face conference meeting. This shows that we are following the Respect as a core value. No one has issues from each other on their availability and no one ever come across a conflicting decision due to this meeting instead of face to face.
	Currently we are focusing on to create UML diagrams for the game. We already created use case and state diagram last week which was in review. We will be finalizing it and bring it to done state this week. Apart from this Class and sequence diagram is also a part of this week’s tasks completion. UML diagram creation was assigned to each of us in team and everyone has delivered it on time. This shows that we stick to timelines and are responsible towards the game.
	We decided that we will use Processing to make our game and it will be built on client/server model. The game is an error detection game thus we chose parity checking technique to show error detection and correction. All these were concluded after a long brainstorming session among us and after discussing which tool we can use to make our game more attractive, efficient and simple.
	Respect as a core value made me learnt quite a few things like what so ever will be the requirement, if we are giving respect to time and requirement of the game then we believe that we can accomplish it.

Date          : 10/7/2016

	This week, assigned work to me was to check UML diagrams which are in review state as per task board. I checked and provide my feedback on the task board itself. Apart from UML diagrams we focused on UI of the game. However, drafting of GUI is still in progress.
	As a mediator I also planned this week’s meeting according to availability of other members in order to maintain harmony in team and to give respect to all members. We followed respect as a core value this week by providing positive feedbacks on UML diagrams. In the same way other members has also taken the feedback positively and agreed to make correction in their work.
        We had also put research about tools we used and are in review state as we have decided to go with processing however, if there is any change in the understanding by next week then we will still have time to put some thoughts on the other tools.
        We planned to complete class, sequence, use-case, state machine diagrams by this week and we have accomplished that. All the diagrams are in review state. After the correction, all the diagrams will be in done state.
        Our next week focus will be on project requirements and GUI and to follow the XP core values within our team.

Date          : 10/30/2016

	This week, assigned work to me was to develop pseudo codes for game board initial page and game board page. Currently, both these pages are in review state. Once, this is done I will start developing the code for it by coming week.
	In the meeting held on 28th Oct, we discussed design and implementation of the game. After the discussion we assigned tasks to each individuals, in such a way, that each of us will cover a module of the game.
	We followed respect as a core value by reacting positively to each other feedbacks and suggestions. Even if someone crosses the decided deadline we still maintain harmony in our team and as we have kept buffer time for the final submission, this gives us some more time to finish individual items.
	Next week our focus will be on developing the code and respectively decide the deadlines to submit individual modules so that we have enough time to test on separate modules and finally on integrated module.

Date          : 11/13/2016
	
	This week, assigned work to me was to develop code for game board play page. Currently, it is in progress, I have implemented timer in it and need to add few more functionalities like selecting random bit and change it for the error detection. Me and Aaron also set up the AWS and docker for a sample project. This will help us in building our app in docker and later on to deploy on AWS.
	In current week’s meeting, we discussed status of the game (individual modules) and the issues we are facing in our sections. Feedback from the other team members helped each other to solve the issues.
	Following respect as a XP core value helped us in maintaining harmony in team, we were able to take feedbacks and suggestions positively. And helped us in implementing all the requirements Prof. Nguyen has given us.
	Next week our focus will be on integrating each other modules and perform end to end testing on it.
